---

title: 16 March 2014
date: 2014-03-16T22:21:53+00:00
excerpt: '<p>Striders were out and about this weekend, making the most of the early Spring sunshine is a series of races across the country. The Striders Ladies led the way, finishing 9th in the Midland Road Relays and qualifying for the Nationals in April. Meanwhile, a groupp of Striders (pictures below) headed for Minchinhampton.</p>'
layout: post
permalink: /2014/03/16-march-2014/
---
Six Striders ladies took part in the **<a href="https://www.race-results.co.uk/results/2014/mw614.pdf" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Midland Road Relays</a>**in Sutton Park, Birmingham. Ladies Vice Captain Vicky Lewis reports: &#8220;Jo Wilkie lead the team with a very fast 17.23 over the 2.69 mile leg. Hillary Mott was 2nd up and ran an excellent leg overtaking 9 people in the process and in an amazing time of 16.11. Amanda Steer was up next and true to current form ran a super time of 17.37 and moved us up another position over all. Next up was Amelia Mullins followed by Kelsey Smith who both ran very strongly with times of 19.18 and 19.12 respectively. Vicky Lewis had the last leg and crossed the line in 17.51. The team finished a brilliant 9th out of 36 teams and now qualify for the National Road Relays in April.&#8221;

Over in picturesque **<a href="https://iamoutdoors.co.uk/cotswold-allrunners-events/minchinhampton10k/minchinhampton-10k-results-2009-1012/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Minchinhampton</a>**a number of Striders took to the streets for the annual 10k. Andrew Paterson reports:

&#8220;After what seems like an age of wet weather a group of 8 Striders were met with unseasonably warm weather for the undulating Minchinhampton 10k. Everone was in club colours, which always makes a great show, and one of the biggest club entries at the event out of a total of 400 runners competing.

No matter how you get there, you know the race is not going to be like the Bourton run a few weeks early as you approach over hills. We gathered together at the start with the murmurs of first timers around us talking of the almost mythical hill half way around the route. By the time of the start some thought they were going to need crampons and ropes.

The field very quickly spread out across the common, then through the town, and out towards Avening. The predominantly downhill first half on shaded country lanes provided some relief from the increasing temperatures, but we all knew that the way back was going to be tougher. The mountain, I mean hill, appeared around a sharp left just after the water station at the 5k marker and the hard slog return into the finish then began.

First Strider home was Andrew Paterson in 30th, with Victoria Veness just 30 seconds behind and 6th lady, with Rob Bircher just over another minute back. All of the remaining Striders finished strongly at regular intervals to put on a good showing for the club. Although we all agreed a bit more hill practice was definitely needed before we tackle this event again.

The final results were: 30th Andrew Paterson 45:15, 40th Victoria Veness 45:45, 54th Rob Bircher 46:55, 87th Dave Mayo 49:51, 118th Rob Gladwin 51:20, 131st George Parker 52:07, 189th Charlotte O'Brien 55:38, 293rd Nathalie Lovekin 1:01:52&#8243;

Rachel Marlow ran the **Gloucester 20**as part of her London Marathon training programme. Rachel finished in around 3:33 and is well on course for an excellent marathon time. Rich Cannock also took part, consuming vast quantities of water to keep cool in the warmth.

Last, and definitely not least, new recruit Juan Moreno ran the **<a href="https://www.stuweb.co.uk/race/GM" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Shakespeare Spring 10k</a>**over in Stratford-Upon-Avon. Juan followed his sensational result at Bath by finishing 2nd here on a time of 38.05.

Well done to everybody who competed this weekend.</p>