---

title: 'Birmingham and Midlands XC - 8 February 2014'
date: 2014-02-09T22:13:23+00:00
excerpt: '<p>CLC Striders men avoided relegation in Coventry while the ladies rounded off an excellent season at Pittville Park.</p>'
layout: post
permalink: /2014/02/birmingham-and-midlands-xc-8-february-2014/
---
CLC Striders men ran out of their skins in a relegation battle to stay up in the Birmingham Cross Country league division two at a wet, soggy and windy course at Northbrook, Coventry. The men needed to beat the host club Northbrook Harriers by 60 points or more, and to hold off Amazing Feet AC who were only 9 points behind the Striders. The Striders men pulled together to deliver the goods beating Northbrook by over 200 points and comfortably held off Amazing Feet.  
The men finished 6th Team on the day, and 14th overall in the league, missing relegation by two places. This was a great performance by a club in only its second season in this very tough and competitive league. Head coach Brendan Ward said &#8220;My ultimate ambition is to get the Striders men's team into division one of this league, and one day I feel we can achieve this.&#8221;

Top strider of the day was Nick Barry who ran a fantastic race to finish 16th. Will Ferguson followed in 31st place, club captain Chris Driskell proved he can deliver when it counts, Driskell had his run of the season to finish in an excellent 35th place. Andrew Jones followed Driskell to finish a solid 39th place. Veteran Rich Shardlow ran a fine race to finish 88th with the final A Team scorer was James Oram who was making his Birmingham League Debut. Oram finished in a respectable 97th place. This gave the Striders men a total of 306 points which is a fantastic result and proves the ability is there when it needs to be. Other notable performances in the B and C Teams were Jon Cooke 113th, Ashley Bishop 137th, Dave Smeath 159th, Jon Howes 165th, Jamie Patterson 191st, Andrew Paterson 210th, David James 225th, Clark Lawson 238th, Rob Gladwin 257th. Final Strider was Super Vet Phil Hodder who finished in a hard fought 261st place. Full results are <a href="https://www.birminghamccleague.co.uk/images/stories/bdccl/articlepdfs/XC_League_Archive/2013-14/2014-02-08-M2.pdf" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">here</a>

Earlier in the day CLC Striders ladies, fresh from their County League win last Saturday, took on the top Midlands teams at Pittville Park in the womens Midlands League. Helen Roberts led the team home in a superb 30th place. Super consist Jo Wilkie finished 44th, Rachel Vines 53rd, Vicky Lewis 54th, veteran Amanda Steer 66th, Vicky Veness 78th, Amelia Mullins 110th, Rachel Burdick 122nd, Sophie Jones 123rd, Becky Boulton 142nd, Emma Abbey 143rd, Claire Sansome 192nd and Amanda Pill 220th. The ladies acquitted themselves well and go from strength to strength in this top standard league.