---

title: 'Bupa London 10000 - 27th May 2012'
date: 2012-05-31T06:06:35+01:00
excerpt: '<p>Sunday 27 May 2012 saw some 10,000 runners descend on London for the Bupa London 10km which incorporated the UKA 10,000m Championships. </p>'
layout: post
permalink: /2012/05/bupa-london-10000-27th-may-2012/
---
Amongst the field were a squad of CLC Striders who were privileged enough to line up amongst the likes of Mo Farah, Scott Overall, Mara Yamauchi and Freya Murray. As the start time of 10am drew near the heat soared to 26 degrees in the capital which made the 10km ahead feel a long way.

As the starter’s horn went off, it was hard not to be swept up in the moment which meant a fast early pace for some. Amongst the womens field both Patricia Woods and Rachel Vines set off quickly but were soon passed by mens club vice captain, Chris Driskell. Ben Anderson worked his way through the field, passing Vines at 6km. Amanda Steer judged her pace to perfection and managed to stay focused in the heat to pass Vines and then Woods, making her the leading lady strider.

The men’s team saw Captain Rich Dare, fly round the course, leading the Striders home in a time of 35.18. However run of the day came from Driskell who, despite the increase in heat managed to run the second 5km over a minute quicker than the first, to achieve a massive PB time of 36:35. Completing the mens team was Nathan Dare (39:14). The mens team finished 41<sup>st</sup>team overall.

Anderson ran well finishing in 43 minutes dead.

The womens team were 25<sup>rd</sup>overall consisting of Amanda Steer (43:32) Patricia Woods (43:58) and Rachel Vines (44:11).

The Striders contingent was made up of Paul Bryant (50:53), Duncan Kay (56:33), Rebecca Boulton (53:43) and Jo Bryant (54:46), who all ran amazingly well.