---

title: 'Aviator 4 Report - 12 May 2013'
date: 2013-05-14T18:32:08+01:00
excerpt: '<p>CLC Striders held their third annual Aviator 4 road race on Sunday 12 May 2013.</p>'
layout: post
permalink: /2013/05/aviator-4-12-may-2013/
---
Despite the predicted rain, 83 runners turned up to run the race and luckily the rain held out until they’d all finished. In fact, conditions were perfect for racing.

The race began with the trio of Anthony Bailey of Cheltenham Harriers, Mike Smith of Bourton Roadrunners and Andrew Jones of CLC Striders setting the early pace. It was nip and tuck for the first three miles before Anthony Bailey stretched his legs to lead the field home in 21:40, followed by Mike Smith and Andrew Jones in 22:07 and 22:18 respectively.

Both John Bird and Jon Howes did the CLC Striders proud by finishing in 24.17 (10th) and 25.07 (15th) respectively. In the women’s race the honours went to Michelle Carroll of Almost Athletes in 25.44 for the second year running. Carroll was followed by CLC Striders’ very own Amanda Steer in 27.07 and Katie Butler in 27.30 in her club debut.

Many thanks to all of our participants, organisers, marshalls and supporters who made it possible.

Prizes:

Men

1) Anthony Bailey (Cheltenham Harriers) – 21.40

2) Mike Smith (Bourton Road Runners) – 22.07

3) Andrew Jones (CLC Striders) – 22.18

1<sup>st</sup>MV40-49 – Dave Rantell (Cheltenham Harriers) – 23.38

1<sup>st</sup>MV50-59 – Andy Chapple (Bourton Road Runners) – 23.32

1<sup>st</sup>MV60-69 – David Spackman (Gloucester AC) – 29.45

Women:

1) Michelle Carroll (Almost Athletes) – 25.44

2) Amanda Steer (CLC Striders) – 27.07

3) Katie Butler (CLC Striders) – 27.30

1<sup>st</sup>LV35-44 – Rebecca Topham (Dursley & District AC) -27.37

1<sup>st</sup>LV45-44 – Karen Galpin (Almost Athletes) – 28.31

1<sup>st</sup>LV55-64 – Alison Lane (Bourton Road Runners) – 28.48

Full results are available <a href="/assets/pdf/results/aviator4results12may2013.pdf" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">here</a>.</p>
