---

title: CLC Striders road race series results 2019/20
layout: post
categories:
  - News
  
---

Due to the situation with Covid-19, many races we were hoping to take part in have been cancelled and any races in the near future also look unlikely.

As a result of this, the Committee have decided that the 2019/2020 Road Race Series should finish based on current standings. Well done to everyone who took part and raced in Black & Green for your fantastic club.

The overall male winner was **Andrew Gage** and overall female winner was **Amelia Mullins**. A huge well done to you both. 

**Road Race Series Results**

Male
* 1st - Andrew Gage
* 2nd - Mike Speke
* Joint 3rd - Tim Brock and Ed Thompson

Female
* 1st - Amelia Mullins
* 2nd - Helen Knight
* 3rd - Amanda Steer

Vets
* 1st Male 40-49 - Gary Smith
* 1st Female 40-49 - Fiona Brady-Miller
* 1st Male 50-59 - JJ Wilson
* 1st Male 60-69 - Edward Collier

Andrew Gage was the runner who shaved the most time off a PB throughout the series, running 1.39.50 at the Stroud Half Marathon 2019, which was a fantastic PB of 4mins 41secs. 

Congratulations to you all, there really have been some fantastic race performances during the series. Small prizes will be given out to winners when we can meet again as a club.

The Committee will continue to monitor the Covid-19 situation, as soon as we are aware that races are back on we will announce the road race series for 2020/2021. Let's keep our fingers crossed this isn't too far off.

We hope you are keeping well, continuing to train and have been enjoying taking part in the recent virtual racing competitions.

Will and the Committee
