---
title: 'CLC Striders shine at Gloucester half marathon with wave of personal bests - Sunday 22 March 2026'
layout: post
categories:
  - Race reports

---

CLC Striders delivered an outstanding team performance at the Gloucester Half Marathon, with a string of personal bests and strong finishes throughout the field. The club had 25 of its members competing in amongst a race field of over 2,500 and conditions were near perfect for chasing fast times.

Leading the charge for the club was Max Harrison-Tosatto, who crossed the line in an impressive lifetime best of 1:13:09, setting the pace for the Striders contingent. Close behind, Joe Willgoss posted a solid 1:14:47, while Geoff Milne clocked 1:17:52, securing a personal best in the process.

There was particular success in the women’s race, where Isabel Brinsden (who finished third in last year’s race) ran superbly to claim victory in the women’s race, finishing in 1:19:33 and recording a personal best on her way to the win. Brinsden was in second place at the 10-mile mark, but then pushed on in the final 5k to eventually win by over 70 seconds.

Strong performances continued throughout the squad, with the ever-improving Gavin Woods breaking the 80-minute barrier with an excellent 1:19:49 clocking. William McNeile (1:21:59), and Timothy Bridge (1:22:52) followed – both achieving personal best times. Jonathan Margetts, using the race as part of a longer marathon training run, ran 1:23:59 and Fred Reid crossed the line in a PB of 1:24:32, followed by William Pearce in 1:25:21.

Andy Richardson (1:26:27), Ashley Wilson (1:28:57), and Scarlett Bell (1:29:45) all celebrated personal bests, with Bell going under the 90-minute barrier for the first time. The club’s newest recruit, Sean Brown, was next in 1:30:28 and fellow club debutant Tom Jerrett registered 1:32:53 – personal bests for both.

The Striders charge kept rolling in as Alex Knott finished in 1:36:56, while Frank Rooke-Matthews (1:37:23) and Lucy Galliers (1:42:11) both achieved personal bests in their first race outings for the club with their determined performances.

Debutant Phil Adcock ran a well-paced 1:44:10 and Hollie Egerton (1:51:08) maintained the momentum, while Arnie Delstanche, running as inflatable dinosaur Terry Rex, brought plenty of character to the event with a 1:52:17 finish as he continues to train for a world record attempt at the London Marathon.

Colin Upton (1:57:24) came in under the two-hour mark, and Britt Waylett (2:04:16), Deborah Cartlidge (2:04:59), and Hifsa O’Kelly (2:13:52) rounded off a successful day for the club with resilient efforts.

In total, CLC Striders celebrated a remarkable number of personal bests, underlining the strength and depth of the squad. With a race win, multiple PBs, and a strong team spirit on display, the Gloucester Half Marathon proved to be a memorable outing for the club.


