---
title: 'Fission 20-mile and Half Marathon - Sunday 15 March 2026'
layout: post
categories:
  - Race reports

---

Perfect preparation for all those in training for spring marathons this year, the Fission 20-mile event held at Berkeley in March always draws a good field of athletes keen to test themselves in race conditions over the rarely-run distance. Conditions were dry and cool but, as usual on the two-lap course, the prevailing wind made certain sections hard going. 11 CLC Striders joined the starters and all did themselves and the club proud. The 20-mile distance was also part of the County Road Race Series.
 
Pete Duffy was first home in a brilliant time of 2:04:06 and 8th place overall, bagging himself maximum points in the County Road Race Series in the process. Next to finish was the irrepressible Tom Fletcher, recording yet another PB time of 2:13:37. Gavin Woods continued his strong form, surprising himself with a time of 2:14:33, with Richard Gill also running strongly to finish just 1 second behind him in 2:14:34. Lee Omerod showed his grit over the distance with a time of 2:15:23, making it 5 club finishers inside the top 50.
 
Helen Knight registered a time of 2:22:48 to finish 1st in her VF45 age category, setting a new club record, and earning maximum points in the Gloucestershire Road Race Series, too. She was followed home by Sophie Longmore in 2:24:53, winning her VF40 age category on the day. Ash Wilson clocked 2:25:44 and Jamie Hartnoll finished in 2:28:07, while Nikki Smith bagged a new club FV60 record in 2:58:52 and Fiona Brady-Miller registered a new VF50 record in 2:58:57.
 
Meanwhile, competing in the Half Marathon distance on the day, Louis Jones finished 10th in a time of 1:23:16 and Tim Brock clocked 1:36:42.

